"""
Message to Micron (as a whole)


Dear Micron Employees,

You have been subject of many injustices. The latest in a series of trauma-based coercion, they've required you to take a Jab, a "Medical" Substance in order for you to earn a living. You now have to be Jabbed with an unproven technology in order to pay for your medical bills, your child's health care, your vehicles, your house and even your food. 

By requiring this Jab, Micron has left you No Choice and are trying to take your right to bodily autonomy away from you. This is not about Politics and it's not about Covid-19, it's about your right to choose what happens to you, your body and your life.

If you want the Jab, it's available to all that want it, for free, it's your choice. If you don't, you shouldn't be a second-class citizen with no ability to make a living. Forever branded with many disgusting adjectives that we've all heard before.

This is Morally Reprehensible and does not follow Microns Code of Ethics and potentially violates the Nuremberg Code (It's short, read it here: http://www.cirp.org/library/ethics/nuremberg/). We're you able to read any documentation about the Jab, before you received it? If not, you were deprived of Informed Consent which is required so that you may make an informed decision about what you are doing and it's possible consequences. Not all Jabs have FDA approval as the media has reported.

Here is some information (TLDR Below):

The Only FDA approved Vaccine for Covid-19 is called Comirnaty, it is not widely available at this time and is the same formulation as the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine that is currently given to all those who wanted to be vaccinated (Page 2, Paragraph 3 -  https://www.fda.gov/media/150386/download), the difference is the label and the Legal Liability shield. Again, the only one approved is Comirnaty, see the FDA (https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/fda-approves-first-covid-19-vaccine). 

The FDA approved Comirnaty with only 6 months of data for their studies, this is extremely short and not nearly enough time to determine the effects of this long term. If Comirnaty and the current vaccine available are the same... where did they get the data?

As you watch News on the TV and online, you'll see announcements about the Covid-19 Vaccine having approval. What they don't tell you is what actually got the approval and what still doesn't. You should ask why.

Two senior people from the FDA resigned. Not everyone at the FDA agrees with the "pro-vax" narrative. Here's a hint, the Biden administration was jumping the gun on booster shots, among other things. (https://endpts.com/breaking-in-a-major-blow-to-vaccine-efforts-senior-fda-leaders-stepping-down-report/) 

What about the variants? As variants and variants of those variants (so on and so on) are now a concern, can you be 100% confident that these jabs will do the job? We know that they didn't change the formulation for the vaccine since nearly a year ago, we have no way of knowing if they are effective, wikipedia has a pretty comprehensive list, if you trust them (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Variants_of_SARS-CoV-2). Right now, just the ones of interest and concern number 10 with no signs of slowing down, at least according to the media. 

Delta appears to be a problem, for everyone, not just the "un-vax'd".

As the number of cases sky rocket, cases which are the result of a PCR test which is not FDA approved either. (Read the Accula Patient Fact Sheet when you sign in to schedule your Test. Page 2, first Paragraph on right side). Did they tell you it wasn't approved either? Not likely.

If you take one jab, then two... will the next one coming up be required for "Full Vaccination" in an ever changing field of goal post moving. How many jabs before "Full Vaccination"? 

TLDR:

My point is this. What else are they not telling you? An awful lot by the way.

As you divide yourselves by arbitrary and unhelpful labels. You cannot mount an effective defense of your rights and liberties when you fight among yourselves in an effort to place blame on each other for whatever reason. Calling each other "vax-holes" and "anti-vaxxers" and so on. The reason really does not matter. 

What matters is how you treat other people, we are Americans. In spite of our differences, WE. ARE. ALL. ON. THE. SAME. TEAM... we are ALL victims of this oppressive behavior. I believe as an American, we should start acting like Americans.

As a company you pride yourselves in taking care of each other and taking care of your community. What about your individual rights? Who is looking out for those? Is blaming the "vaxxed" or "un-vax'd" going to solve your problems? 

Do you want a solution that is equitable for all? We have many options, the best one, is making your voice heard. We have the power to change policy not just at Micron, but in our country as well.

We hereby declare that we are walking out and taking time to make our voices heard on [insert: this day of this month]. Silence is Compliance. Lets set our differences aside while we fight for each other side by side. 

We hope you will join us. Your rights, liberty and bodily autonomy depend on it. No matter your opinion on the matter, we all deserve to have a choice.


Sincerely,
A Concerned Citizen


"I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end. I came here to tell you how it's going to begin." - Neo
"""
